Fontaine: SO WHAT EXACTLY
HAPPENED OUT THERE?
HE WAS DUELING.
THEN HE JUST
PLUM COLLAPSED!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
I JUST LOOKED
AT HIS STATS.
NO ONE FALLS INTO A STATE
OF COMPLETE UNCONSCIOUSNESS
JUST FROM DUELING!
WELL, THINGS DID
GET PRETTY INTENSE.
YES, BUT STILL...
IT JUST DOESN'T ADD UP.
HE MUST HAVE
A PREEXISTING CONDITION.
Jaden: HEY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
UH... WHY IS EVERYONE
STARING AT ME LIKE THAT?
YOU'RE AWAKE!
SO ARE YOU.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
Axel: THIS SHOULD DO THE TRICK.
THE PERFECT COMBINATION
OF PROTEIN AND CARBS.
AHH.
[BELCHES]
IF I DON'T GET
MY ENERGY BACK AFTER THIS...
THEN WE'VE GOT PROBLEMS.
I'VE NEVER FELT THIS
RUN DOWN AFTER A DUEL.
[THINKING]
WHY DOES EVERYONE THINK
OUT LOUD AT THIS PLACE?
ANYWAY, I THINK I KNOW WHAT'S
CAUSING AXEL'S SUDDEN FATIGUE.
AND I BET THIS IS
JUST THE BEGINNING.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: BEING SICK ROCKS!
DO YA FEEL BETTER, SARGE?
MM-HMM!
THAT WAS FAST.
TOO FAST IF YOU ASK ME.
MM. MM!
AH, YOU MIGHT WANNA
THINK ABOUT COMING
UP FOR AIR.
NEVER GET BETWEEN A MAN
AND FIVE TRAYS
OF HOSPITAL FOOD.
SO WHEN DO YOU
THINK YOU'LL BE
COMING BACK
TO SLIFER RED?
NEVER, SY!
DORM FOOD IS
NOTHING LIKE THIS!
Hassleberry:
CAN YA SPARE A BITE?
DREAM ON!
ACCORDING TO OUR
LATEST TEST RESULTS,
YOU SEEM TO BE FINE.
THAT WAS QUITE A RECOVERY.
BUT DON'T BE FOOLED, JADEN.
YOUR BODY'S
BEEN UNDER STRESS.
WE NEED TO BE CERTAIN THAT
THIS WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
THEREFORE IT'S
MY OPINION THAT
YOU REFRAIN
FROM DOING
ANYTHING STRENUOUS
FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS.
ONE QUESTION: IS EATING
CONSIDERED "STRENUOUS"?
Fontaine:
HEY! WAIT UP!
GOTTA JET!
BUT, JADEN!
SO MUCH FOR "R" AND "R"!
SLOW DOWN!
OH, WELL.
I GET THE FEELING HE'S
NOT THE RESTING TYPE.
BUT IF HE GETS
TIRED AGAIN,
DO ME A FAVOR
AND BRING HIM BACK.
SURE THING.
WE'RE USED TO BABYSITTING
FOR JADEN
AT THIS POINT.
HEY... HE'S GONNA
BE OK, RIGHT?
HE'S FINE.
BUT SEE IF YOU CAN
GET HIM TO NAP.
AND NO DUELING
FOR TWO WEEKS!
Jaden: I GOTTA FIND ME
SOMEONE TO DUEL!
Jesse:
HOWDY DOODY, BOYS!
JESSE!
HEY, SO I GUESS
YOU'RE OK!
TOTALLY.
NEVER FELT BETTER.
GOOD, 'CAUSE I WAS
STARTIN' TO GET WORRIED.
THERE'S A NASTY
RUMOR GOING AROUND.
GET A LOAD OF THIS!
THEY SAY YOU'RE
RETIRING FOR GOOD!
ARE YA?
[ANIMAL GROWLS]
AAH! I'VE BEEN HIT!
REQUESTING BACK-UP.
DOWN GIRL! HEEL!
WHAT'S GOTTEN
INTO YOU, SHIRLEY?
Hassleberry: I'LL
TELL YOU WHAT'S
GOTTEN INTO HER!
MY REAR END!
SORRY, MATE.
BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT SHIRLEY
HERE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE
FOR HER BEHAVIOR.
AH, JIM?
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE?
NOT WHO'S RESPONSIBLE.
MORE LIKE
WHAT'S RESPONSIBLE.
IT MAY SOUND STRANGE...
BUT SOMETHING
IN THE AIR
HAS TRIGGERED HER
PRIMITIVE INSTINCTS.
OOOOH!
YOU UNDERSTOOD
THAT?!
NOT A WORD.
THIS MIGHT CLEAR
THINGS UP FOR YA.
IT MEASURES VIBRATIONS
IN THE ATMOSPHERE.
NORMALLY THERE'S A BALANCE
BETWEEN POSITIVE
AND NEGATIVE ENERGY.
BUT THAT'S NOT
THE CASE HERE.
MAYBE THAT'S WHY
YOU'VE BEEN SO
WIPED OUT LATELY.
I GUESS
ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE.
NOW WHAT?
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO
GET THINGS BALANCED AGAIN?
WE START BY FINDING
THE SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM.
[GROWLS]
WELL, VIPER...
THE JIG IS UP.
THANK YOU, GENTLEMEN.
YOUR DONATION WAS
MOST GENEROUS.
SOON THE REST
OF YOUR CLASSMATES
WILL FOLLOW YOUR LEAD.
HUH? WHAT'S THIS!?
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE WANDERED
TOO FAR FROM THE OUTBACK.
OH, WELL.
I GUESS I JUST FOUND
MY NEXT LUCKY DONOR.
HA HA HA!
WILDLIFE CONSERVATION
IS A HOBBY OF MINE,
SO I'M ALWAYS MAKING
SURE THE ENVIRONMENT
IS SAFE FOR SHIRLEY.
[CLICKING]
HUH?
[GROWLING]
COME ON. EASY NOW.
LEMME GUESS.
BAD VIBES?
THAT'S WHY I COVERED
HER EYES MATE?
I'M TRYING TO MINIMIZE
ALL THE EXTERNAL STIMULI.
THIS IS NO TIME TO START
SPEAKING AUSTRALIAN, JIM!
AH, YEAH.
LET'S MOVE ON, THEN.
"NO TIME TO BE
SPEAKING AUSTRALIAN."
[HASSLEBERRY GROWLING]
ATTACK CROC-MAN!
EASY BOY!
YAAH!
HASSLEBERRY, CHILL!
WHAT WAS THAT
ALL ABOUT!?
I UNDERSTAND
THE CROC...
BUT WHY ARE
YOU GOIN' NUTS!?
IT'S 'CAUSE
HASSLEBERRY'S PART ANIMAL!
AND I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT HIS BABOON BRAIN.
YEAH. YOU'RE RIGHT!
SINCE HIS ACCIDENT,
HE'S HAD DINO DNA
IN HIS BLOOD!
OHH!
PART DINOSAUR, EH?
WELL, I HAVE TO ADMIT
THAT'S A NEW ONE.
BUT IT SOUNDS FUN.
SO IF IT'S A FIGHT
YOU WANT...
THEN YOU CAN
COUNT ME IN, MATE!
HUH?
I'D LOVE A FAIR GO!
DINOSAURS ARE SOME
OF MY FAVORITE CREATURES!
MATTER OF FACT,
DINOSAURS AND CROCODILES
SHARE A COMMON ANCESTOR!
SO WHEN YOU REALLY GET
DOWN TO IT, GENTS...
HASSLEBERRY
AND SHIRLEY ARE COUSINS!
MUST DUEL!
DON'T GO THROWIN'
A WOBBLY!
I'M JUST LOOKING
FOR A FRIENDLY GAME, MATE.
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU FELLOWS...
BUT WHEN I SEE
A PREHISTORIC
MONSTER,
THE LAST THING I
WANNA DO IS DUEL IT!
HE DOES LOOK VICIOUS.
THEN LET'S GO!
I HAVE A LONG
LIFE AHEAD OF ME!
AND I'D RATHER NOT BE
HASSLEBERRY'S NEXT MEAL!
HE WOULDN'T EAT YA!
THE WORST THING HE'D DO
IS TEAR YOU TO SHREDS.
OHH!
I'M JUST KIDDIN',
LITTLE BUDDY.
BUT YOU MIGHT
WANNA STAND BACK.
I'M GONNA DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES
TO GET THROUGH TO HIM,
AND I CAN'T BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR
FRIEND'S ACTIONS!
LATER!
GAME ON, MATE!
ARR!
DINO MAN MAKE
FIRST MOVE!
PLAY GILA-SAUR!
NOW DINO FRIEND
GO BYE BYE.
HE SACRIFICED GILASAURUS!
AND USED IT TO BRING
OUT DARK DRICERATOPS!
YAAH!
WATCHING HIM DUEL LIKE
THIS IS PRETTY RAD.
YES, SIR.
I RECKON HAVING
DINOSAUR DNA
WOULD BE KINDA COOL.
THIS DUEL'S AWESOME!
[THINKING]
I'VE GOT IT!
IF I WANT TO TAP
INTO HASSLEBERRY'S
PRIMITIVE ENERGY,
I'VE GOTTA USE
SOMETHING THAT'S JUST
AS PRIMITIVE AS HE IS!
MY GO!
JUST THE CARD I NEED!
ALRIGHT... NOW I SUMMON...
MY FLINT CRAGGER!
NEXT I'LL SEND HIM OFF
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT NOT BEFORE HE DOES
FIVE HUNDRED POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
ERR!
WHAT IN SAM HILL
DID YOU DO THAT FOR!?
HASSLEBERRY'S
BACK TO NORMAL!
MAYBE...
DEPENDS ON YOUR
DEFINITION OF "NORMAL"!
SHOW SOME RESPECT!
DROP AND GIVE ME
TWENTY!
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S WORSE,
A GUY WHO THINKS
HE'S A DINOSAUR...
OR A GUY WHO THINKS
HE'S AN OBNOXIOUS
DRILL SERGEANT!
[THINKING]
LITTLE TO THEY KNOW
THAT THE REAL REASON
I SENT MY FLINT CRAGGER
TO THE GRAVEYARD
WAS SO I COULD UNLEASH
A DEVASTATING SPELL!
IT'S THE PERFECT WEAPON
AGAINST A DINO DUELIST!
I PLAY FOSSIL FUSION!
FOSSIL WHAT NOW?
AND YOU CLAIM TO BE
A DINOSAUR EXPERT?
YOU OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED!
ERR!
FOSSIL FUSION TAKES
A MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND FUSES IT
WITH ONE FROM YOURS!
[RUMBLING]
OHH! HOLD ME!
I EXCAVATE THE REMAINS
OF YOUR GILASAURUS
AND MY FLINT CRAGGER!
THEN I COMBINE THEM TOGETHER
TO FORM A NEW FOSSIL!
FROM THE DEPTHS
OF THE EARTH...
IT'S FOSSIL DRAGON
SKULLGAR!
WELL I'LL BE!
WHO KNEW YOU COULD MIX
AND MATCH YOUR FOSSILS
LIKE THAT!?
OBVIOUSLY YOU NEVER TOOK
INTRO TO ARCHEOLOGICAL DUELING!
UNEARTHING FOSSILS
IS LESSON ONE!
I LIKED THAT COURSE
SO MUCH I TOOK IT TWICE!
GOT AN "A" BOTH TIMES.
BUT YOU COULD
PROBABLY TELL.
ERR! LOOK, I DON'T
NEED SOME CLASS!
I DUEL USING
MY PRIMAL INSTINCTS!
[ROARS]
IN YOUR FACE!
NOOO!
"INSTINCTS" YOU SAY?
IF I DUELED LIKE YOU...
I'D HIT THE BOOKS!
HEY! ERR!
YOU MAY KNOW
MORE FACTS
THAN I DO...
BUT I'VE GOT
ONE THING
YOU HAVEN'T GOT!
DINO DNA! ERR!
AND DO YOU
KNOW WHAT?
THAT'S SOMETHIN'
YOU CAN'T GET
FROM SOME TEXT BOOK!
BUT YOUR ABOUT TO
SEE THAT FIRST HAND,
CROC-BOY!
READY, SOLDIER?
ATTEN-TION!
COMPANY...
HALT!
[THINKING]
THIS AUGHTTA THROW
HIM FOR A LOOP!
I PLAY
BABYCERASAURUS!
[CHIRPS]
[THINKING]
THAT LITTLE PUP
ONLY HAS 500 POINTS.
WHAT'S HE UP TO?
NEXT I ACTIVATE
JURASSIC WORLD!
THANKS TO THE SUDDEN
CHANGE IN OUR NATURAL
SURROUNDINGS...
MY LITTLE PAL
HERE GETS A BOOST.
[THINKING]
THAT WASN'T
TOO IMPRESSIVE.
[THINKING]
I BET HE WAS
REAL IMPRESSED!
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE...
VOLCANIC ERUPTION!
CRIKEY!
IT'S THE PERFECT CARD
FOR A DINOSAUR
ENTHUSIAST
LIKE YOU, JIMBO!
IT GIVES YOU
THE FULL PREHISTORIC
EXPERIENCE!
'COURSE THERE IS
A DRAWBACK.
THANKS TO
THE MOLTEN LAVA...
ALL MONSTERS
ARE DESTROYED!
ERR.
HE JUST DESTROYED
HIS OWN CARDS, TOO!
HE DID WHAT!?
I GUESS HE'S
STILL OUT OF IT!
NO, GUYS.
IT'S PART OF HIS PLAN.
Hassleberry:
HE'S RIGHT!
AND AS FOR THE REST
OF YOU GUYS...
THANKS FOR
THE VOTE
OF CONFIDENCE!
SEE, WITH MY DINO
IN THE GRAVE...
I GET TO SUMMON
A BRAND-NEW SOLDIER
TO THE FIELD!
AND IT'S ONE
OF THE FINEST MEMBERS
OF MY PLATOON!
PLATOON?!
SABERSAURUS!
FRONT AND CENTER!
[ROARS]
I UNDERESTIMATED
THIS BLOKE.
HE MAY NOT HAVE
THE TRAINING THAT I DO...
BUT HIS INSTINCTS ARE
THE BEST I'VE EVER SEEN!
IT'S TIME I TAMED
THIS WILD BEAST.
WHAT'S THAT!?
SPEAK UP!
LESSIN' YOU WANNA
GET CLOBBERED
WITH TWO HUNDRED
TWENTY FIVE MILLION
YEARS OF RAGE!
EXCELLENT USE
OF DINOSAUR FACTS!
DID YOU KNOW
THAT DINOSAURS ARE
TECHNICALLY NOT EXTINCT?
WELL, THAT IS... UNTIL NOW!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD...
DOWSING BURN!
WHOA.
HEH HEH HEH!
YOU LIKE THAT?
JUST WAIT UNTIL IT DIGS UP
ONE OF YOUR OLD DINO PALS
RIGHT BEFORE IT BURIES
ONE OF YOUR NEW ONES!
[ROARS]
AAH!
SABERSAURUS, NO!
THERE'S MORE, MATE!
I'VE GOT SAMPLE FOSSIL!
SHOW HIM WHAT YOU CAN DO!
WELL, WHATTA YA KNOW.
IT'S TIME FOR ANOTHER
ARCHEOLOGICAL DIG!
SO LET'S UNEARTH
YOUR SABERSAURUS!
LET HER BE!
A BEAUTIFUL SPECIMEN,
AIN'T SHE?
AND THE BEST PART IS
THE 'OL GIRL
BELONGS TO ME NOW.
GIVE HER BACK!
SORRY. BUT THEN I COULDN'T
BORROW HER ATTACK POINTS!
ALRIGHT, PAL...
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
HASSLEBERRY!
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
THAT'S THE BEST
YOU CAN DO!?
WELL, GET THIS!
I PLAY...
CARD OF VARIATION!
THANKS TO THIS SPELL,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK!
THEN I ACTIVATE
MY LIVING FOSSIL!
GUESS WHAT, JIMBO!?
I CAN DO A LITTLE
DIGGING OF MY OWN!
SO I'LL BRING BACK...
BABYCERASAURUS!
BUT HE WON'T BE
AROUND FOR LONG.
'CAUSE IN ORDER
TO PLAY MY BIG
EVOLUTION SPELL...
I NEED TO SACRIFICE
THE LITTLE GUY.
NOW THAT THAT'S OUT
OF THE WAY,
MY SPELL CARD STAYS
ACTIVE FOR THREE
WHOLE TURNS!
AND THAT'S GONNA
COME IN REAL HANDY!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN
SUMMON ANY DINO
I WANT
WITHOUT MAKIN'
A SACRIFICE!
SO, BRACHYON,
REPORT FOR DUTY!
[ROARS]
NEXT I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
TAIL SWIPE,
WHICH LETS ME CHOOSE
A MONSTER AND ATTACK
WITH IT RIGHT AWAY!
AND JUST SO YOU
DON'T FEEL LEFT OUT
I CAN CHOOSE ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS, TOO!
AW, HECK... I'LL CHOOSE
TWO OF YOUR MONSTERS.
BUT THEY DON'T
GET TO ATTACK,
LIKE MINE DOES.
IT'S JUST
THE OPPOSITE!
THEY GO RIGHT BACK
TO YOUR HAND!
WHAT?!
SO I CHOOSE MY BRACHYON
TO ATTACK YOU WITH...
AND ON YOUR SIDE,
I SEND SABERSAURUS
TO MY HAND
AND SAMPLE FOSSIL
TO YOUR HAND!
[THINKING]
WHAT A BEAUTY OF A MOVE!
ALRIGHT, BRACHYON!
ENGAGE THE ENEMY!
[ROARS]
SHIRLEY!
YOU ALRIGHT!?
HEY, HASSLEBERRY!
SWEET MOVE, BRO!
YOU SAID IT!
THAT WAS AWESOME!
HOLD ON, GUYS.
DID YOU FORGET
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
THE WEIRD ENERGY WAVES?
OF COURSE YOU DID.
YOU'RE EXACTLY ALIKE.
Both: WE ARE?
WHAT MAKES YOU
SAY THAT?!
SINCE I USED MY CARD
OF VARIATION
THIS TURN...
I HAVE TO SEND ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SO, SABERSAURUS,
YOU'RE DISMISSED.
I'M AFRAID YOU'RE
AN ENDANGERED
SPECIES, JIMBO!
[THINKING]
HE'S RIGHT.
IF I DON'T GET RID
OF HIS HIGH-LEVEL MONSTERS,
HE'S GONNA BURY ME!
WAIT! THAT'S IT!
HERE GOES.
FIRST, I'LL BID SAMPLE
FOSSIL "HOOROO."
THIS LETS ME PLAY...
SPECIMEN INSPECTION!
SO I GET TO PICK
A MONSTER TYPE
AND A LEVEL,
AND IF YOU HAVE
A CARD THAT MATCHES...
IT GOES FROM YOUR HAND
OR DECK TO THE GRAVE!
COME AGAIN?
BASICALLY YOU LOSE ONE
OF YOUR BEST MONSTERS!
WHAT!?
PICK A CARD, MATE!
[GROWLS]
ULTIMATE TYRANNO...
GUESS I'LL
DISCHARGE YOU.
HOOROO TO THAT...
AND G'DAY TO THIS!
IT'S MY FOSSIL FUSION!
SO I CAN EXHUME
MY SAMPLE FOSSIL
AND YOUR TYRANNO
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
THEN I FUSE THEM
IN ORDER TO MAKE...
THIS BLOKE!
THE ONE AND ONLY...
FOSSIL DRAGON SKULLGIOS!
[GROWLS]
FOR A BUNCH OF OLD BONES,
THAT THING LOOKS
PRETTY TOUGH!
I'M WITH YOU, SY.
IT'S OVER.
NO WAY.
IT'S NOT OVER 'TIL
THE LAST CARD IS PLAYED.
ALRIGHT, LET'S
SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
A WHOLE LOT, SON!
AND I'LL START...
WITH MY BRACHYON!
SINCE THERE'S
A MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD,
HE SWITCHES
TO DEFENSE MODE!
THAT WAS A RIPPER!
GOOD ON 'YA!
[THINKING]
HE MAY TALK FUNNY,
BUT HE DUELS LIKE A PRO.
I HELD HIM OFF
FOR NOW...
BUT TO WIN THIS WAR,
I GOTTA CALL IN
MY RESERVES!
BOG IN, GIRL!
[ROARS]
WAIT!
NOW, WHY'D HE STOP?
SORRY TO INTERRUPT,
BUT MY FOSSIL DRAGON
HAS A SPECIAL ABILITY
YOU MIGHT WANNA KNOW ABOUT!
EVEN THOUGH IT'S
IN DEFENSE MODE...
GET THIS: YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE DEDUCTED FROM MINE
AND TAKEN OUT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
THAT'S A TOTAL
OF FIFTEEN HUNDRED POINTS...
WHICH IS ALL
YOU HAVE LEFT!
DON'T SPIT
THE DUMMY...
BUT I WIN!
[ROARS]
UNH!
HEY!
I'M ALL TUCKERED.
Jesse:
HASSLEBERRY!
Jaden: JIM!
THAT'S WEIRD.
SOMETHIN' SUCKED
THE LIFE OUTTA ME!
I THINK I KNOW WHAT.
IT'S THIS BIOBAND.
I COULD SWEAR
WHEN THE DUEL ENDED,
THEY ACTIVATED AND SOMEHOW
LEFT US FEELING STUFFED.
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU, MATE.
BUT I'M GONNA HAVE
ME A SNOOZER.
AHHH... A FIRM MATTRESS.
ALRIGHT...
OVER AND OUT, BOYS!
[GROANS]
GUYS?
ARE THEY ALRIGHT!?
SURE SOUNDS LIKE IT!
[JIM AND HASSLEBERRY SNORING]
AW... THEY'RE
PURRIN' LIKE KITTENS.
[THINKING]
THESE STUDENTS SEEM TO
GIVE IT ALL THEY'VE GOT.
AND I'M HAPPY TO
TAKE IT ALL AWAY!
[ALARM BLARING]
DISPLAY VISUAL SURVEILLANCE!
WELL, WELL, WELL.
MISTER GECKO.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE NEXT.